...Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed...#-- Declaration of Independence
4 beliefs to sell successfully: I make a difference.  I will succeed.  People will help me.  Things will go wrong yet still work out in the end.#-- Anthony Iannarino
5 ways to turn caring into a competitive advantage:  * Be a student of people.  * Imagine yourself in the customer's position.  * Listen to and accept the customer's interpretation.  * Make caring an action.  * Remember the little things.#-- Anthony Iannarino
A PART OF ALL YOU EARN IS YOURS TO KEEP.#-- George Clason
A children's story that can only be enjoyed by children is not a good children's story in the slightest.#-- C. S. Lewis
A lot of us surround ourselves with people who speak to our desire for comfort.  People who would rather treat the pain of our wounds and prevent further injury than help us callous over them and try again.  We need to surround ourselves with people who will tell us what we need to hear, not what we want to hear, but at the same time not make us feel we’re up against the impossible.#-- David Goggins
A man convinced against his will, is of the same opinion still.#-- Dale Carnegie
A wise man is full of strength, and a man of knowledge enhances his might.#-- Proverbs 24:5
A woodpecker can tap twenty times on a thousand trees and get nowhere, but stay busy.  Or he can tap twenty-thousand times on one tree and get dinner.#-- Seth Godin
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together,but do so with all your heart.#-- Marcus Aurelius
Advice is one thing that is freely given away, but watch that you only take what is worth having.#-- George Clason
Always do your best.  What you plant now, you will harvest later.#-- Og Mandino
America's intellectual community has never been very bright. Or honest. They're all sheep, following whatever the intellectual fashion of the decade happens to be. Demanding that everyone follow their dicta in lockstep. Everyone has to be open-minded and tolerant of the things they believe, but God forbid they should ever concede, even for a moment, that someone who disagrees with them might have some fingerhold of truth.#-- Orson Scott Card, 2000
An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way.  An artist says a hard thing in a simple way.#-- Charles Bukowski
And in that day men will be weary of life, and they will cease to think the universe worthy of reverent wonder and worship.#-- Lament of Hermes
Another one is I only believe in peer relationships.  I don’t believe in hierarchical relationships.  I don’t want to be above anybody, and I don’t want to be below anybody.  If I can’t treat someone like a peer and if they can’t treat me like peer, I just don’t want to interact with them.#-- Naval Ravikant
Any decent person who knows what warfare is can never go into battle with a whole heart.#-- Orson Scott Card
Any fool can criticize, complain, and condemn#--and most fools do.  But it takes character and self-control to be understanding and forgiving.#-- Dale Carnegie
As long as we are not living in harmony with nature and our constitution, we cannot expect ourselves to be really healed.  Ayurveda gives us the means.#-- David Frawley
At any given time, when you’re walking down the streets, a very small percentage of your brain is focused on the present.  The rest is planning the future or regretting the past.  This keeps you from having an incredible experience.  It’s keeping you from seeing the beauty in everything and for being grateful for where you are.  You can literally destroy your happiness if you spend all of your time living in delusions of the future.#-- Naval Ravikant
Atheism turns out to be too simple. If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning...#-- C. S. Lewis
Because here's something else that's weird but true: in the day-to day trenches of adult life, there is actually no such thing as atheism.  There is no such thing as not worshipping.  Everybody worships.  The only choice we get is what to worship.  And the compelling reason for maybe choosing some sort of god or spiritual-type thing to worship#--be it JC or Allah, be it YHWH or the Wiccan Mother Goddess, or the Four Noble Truths, or some inviolable set of ethical principles#--is that pretty much anything else you worship will eat you alive.#-- David Foster Wallace
Belief is the enemy of knowing.#-- Anonymous
But it is the spirit in a man, the breath of the Almighty, that gives him understanding.#-- Job 32:8
But until a person can say deeply and honestly, "I am what I am today because of the choices I made yesterday," that person cannot say, "I choose otherwise.#-- Stephen R. Covey
By learning to recognize when your own archetypes are taking over, it’s easier to observe when ther people are living from their shadow selves.#-- Catherine Carrigan
Change before you have to.#-- Jack Welch
Chaos is what we've lost touch with.  This is why it is given a bad name.  It is feared by the dominant archetype of our world, which is Ego, which clenches because its existence is defined in terms of control.#-- Terence McKenna
Create a discipline list: a list of things you do forever because attending to them is continually necessary to produce the results you desire.#-- Anthony Iannarino
Do the worst things first: when faced with unpleasant or difficult tasks, attend to them first thing in the morning while you're still fresh and before the world starts distracting you with its demands.#-- Anthony Iannarino
Don’t dress for others, dress for yourself. Clothes should be an extension of what you represent and what you feel inside.#-- Marco Pierre White
Either run the day or the day runs you.#-- Jim Rohn
Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it.#-- C. S. Lewis
Everybody in the world is seeking happiness#--and there is one sure way to find it.  That is by controlling your thoughts.  Happiness doesn't depend on outward conditions.  It depends on inner conditions.#-- Dale Carnegie
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact.  Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.#-- Marcus Aurelius
For the protection of wisdom is like the protection of money, and the advantage of knowledge is that wisdom preserves the life of him who has it.#-- Ecclesiastes 7:12
Forty hour work weeks are a relic of the Industrial Age. Knowledge workers function like athletes: train and sprint, then rest and reassess.#-- Naval Ravikant
Good questions are more powerful than great statements.#-- Anthony Iannarino
Habit 1: Be Proactive;#-- Habit 2: Begin with the End in Mind;#-- Habit 3: Put First Things First;#-- Habit 4: Think Win/Win;#-- Habit 5: Seek First to Understand, Then to Be Understood;#-- Habit 6: Synergize;#-- Habit 7: Sharpen the Saw.#-- Stephen R. Covey
Heraclitus, a philosopher born in the Persian Empire back in the fifth century BC, had it right when he wrote about men on the battlefield.  “Out of every one hundred men,” he wrote, “ten shouldn’t even be there, eighty are just targets, nine are the real fighters, and we are lucky to have them, for they make the battle.  Ah, but the one, one is a warrior…#-- David Goggins
Here is the brutal reality.  If you don't have a plan, you will become a part of someone else's plan.  You can either take control of your life or someone else will use you to enhance theirs.  It's your choice.#-- Jeb Blount
How To Love Your Neighbor.  * Honor your father and your mother, that your days may be long upon the land which the Lord your God is giving you.  * You shall not murder.  * You shall not commit adultery.  * You shall not steal.  * You shall not bear false witness against your neighbor.  * You shall not covet your neighbor’s house; you shall not covet your neighbor’s wife, nor his male servant, nor is female servant, nor his ox, nor his donkey, nor anything that is your neighbor’s.#-- Book of Exodus
How can you call yourself a free man when your weakness has brought you to this? If a man has in himself the soul of a slave will he not become one no matter what his birth, even as water seeks its level? If a man has within him the soul of a free man, will he not become respected and honored in his own city in spite of his misfortune?#-- George Clason
How inappropriate to call this planet Earth, when it is clearly Ocean.#-- Arthur C. Clarke
I am a believer that if you bring children into this world, then you have a responsibility to do your best and support and guide them until the day you die.#-- Marco Pierre White
I am not a product of my circumstances.  I am a product of my decisions.#-- Stephen R. Covey
I came from the old world of gastronomy. Many years ago I walked into the kitchens of the Hotel St George and I feel very fortunate that I worked for chefs that were behind their stoves. I saw that world of gastronomy. I can sit here today and say that I saw the golden age of gastronomy. It’s gone, it’s gone. It’s never going to have that anymore, once the accountants get involved the romance fades. That’s the reality.#-- Marco Pierre White
I cannot teach anybody how to cook. All I can do is show them, share methods with them.#-- Marco Pierre White
I have lowered my identity. I have lowered the chattering of my mind. I don’t care about things that don’t really matter. I don’t get involved in politics. I don’t hang around unhappy people. I really value my time on this earth. I read philosophy. I meditate.#-- Naval Ravikant
I have no problem in asking a diner to leave for two reasons:  * 1. If they are rude to my staff. No one has that right. If we make a mistake, allow us to rectify it.  * 2. If they are loud and abusive at the table. They have no regard or respect for the other diners, who may have worked very hard to save up their cash to afford your prices.#-- Marco Pierre White
I have no problem in asking a diner to leave for two reasons: 1. If they are rude to my staff. No one has that right. If we make a mistake, allow us to rectify it. 2. If they are loud and abusive at the table. They have no regard or respect for the other diners, who may have worked very hard to save up their cash to afford your prices.#-- Marco Pierre White
I have no regrets in my life. If not for the mistakes that I made I would not be the man I am today.#-- Marco Pierre White
I have to win this now, and for all time, or I’ll fight it every day and it will get worse and worse.#-- Orson Scott Card
I think if you’ve been given something in life you have a moral duty to give things back.#-- Marco Pierre White
I thought I’d solved a problem when really I was creating new ones by taking the path of least resistance.#-- David Goggins
I wish you way more than luck.#-- David Foster Wallace
If someone is able to show me that what I think or do is not right, I will happily change, for I seek the truth, by which no one was ever truly harmed.  It is the person who continues in his self-deception and ignorance who is harmed.#-- Marcus Aurelius
If the other fellow can't tell you his story, you can never be sure he isn't trying to kill you.#-- Orson Scott Card
If the words 'life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness' don't include the right to experiment with your own consciousness, then the Declaration of Independence isn't worth the hemp it was written on.#-- Terence McKenna
If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world.#-- C. S. Lewis
If ye fulfill the royal law according to the scripture, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself, ye do well.#-- Book of James
If you are deliberately trying to create a future that feels safe, you will willfully ignore the future that is likely.#-- Seth Godin
If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment.#-- Marcus Aurelius
If you can get your customers to say, “I want it,” it’s not difficult to make a Benefit by replying, “We can give it to you.#-- Neil Rackham
If you desire to help thy friend, do so in a way that will not bring thy friend's burdens upon thyself.#-- George Clason
If you don't have a plan, you become part of somebody else's plan.#-- Terence McKenna
If you have a dream, you have a duty and a responsibility to yourself to make it come true.#-- Marco Pierre White
If you hurt other people because they have expectations of you, that’s their problem.  If they have an agreement with you, it’s your problem.  But, if they have an expectation of you, that’s completely their problem.  It has nothing to do with you.  They’re going to have lots of expectations out of life.  The sooner you can dash their expectations, the better.#-- Naval Ravikant
If you know everything already, you can't learn anything.#-- Anthony Iannarino
If you look for truth, you may find comfort in the end; if you look for comfort you will not get either comfort or truth only soft soap and wishful thinking to begin, and in the end, despair.#-- C. S. Lewis
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.#-- Mark Twain
If you’re not willing to do a wholesale, 24/7, 100 percent swap with who that person is, then there is no point in being jealous.#-- Naval Ravikant
If you’ve been given opportunities then you have to create opportunities. If you’re given knowledge by people, share your knowledge. If you were born with talent, show your talent off.#-- Marco Pierre White
In the moment when I truly understand my enemy, understand him well enough to defeat him, then in that very moment I also love him. I think it’s impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves. And then, in that very moment when I love them.... I destroy them.#-- Orson Scott Card
Inaction breeds doubt and fear.  Action breeds confidence and courage.  If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it.  Go out and get busy#-- Dale Carnegie
Influence is created from four basic elements: Character: inner strength on which trust is built, Congruence: you are who you appear to be, alignment with your character, Confidence: ability to create value, Likeability: people trust and buy you because they like you.#-- Anthony Iannarino
It [folk music] exceeded all human understanding, and if it called out to you, you could disappear and be sucked into it.  I felt right at home in this mythical realm made up not with individuals so much as archetypes, vividly drawn archetypes of humanity, metaphysical in shape, each rugged soul filled with natural knowing and inner wisdom.  Each demanding a degree of respect.  I could believe in the full spectrum of it and sing about it.  It was so real, so more true to life than life itself.  It was life magnified.#-- Bob Dylan
It almost doesn’t matter what you read.  Eventually, you will read enough things (and your interests will lead you there) that it will dramatically improve your life.  Just like the best workout for you is one you’re excited enough to do every day, I would say for books, blogs, tweets, or whatever--anything with ideas and information and learning--the best ones to read are the ones you’re excited about reading all the time.#-- Naval Ravikant
It is a good rule after reading a new book, never to allow yourself another new one till you have read an old one in between.#-- C. S. Lewis
It takes a well-coordinated, long-term plan to get a dream client to even meet with you.#-- Anthony Iannarino
It would seem that Our Lord finds our desires not too strong, but too weak. We are half-hearted creatures, fooling about with drink and sex and ambition when infinite joy is offered us, like an ignorant child who wants to go on making mud pies in a slum because he cannot imagine what is meant by the offer of a holiday at the sea. We are far too easily pleased.#-- C. S. Lewis
It's a lot more than mind over matter.  It takes relentless self discipline to schedule suffering into your day, every day.#-- David Goggins
It's about caring enough to create value for customers.  If you get that part right, selling is easy.#-- Anthony Iannarino
It's like knowing your way through the forest.  You don't keep the whole forest in your mind, but wherever you are, you know where to go next.#-- Ken Follett
It's the idea that people living close to nature tend to be noble.  It's seeing all those sunsets that does it.  You can't watch a sunset and then go off and set fire to your neighbor's tepee.  Living close to nature is wonderful for your mental health.#-- Daniel Quinn
It’s much more important today to be able to become an expert in a brand-new field in nine to twelve months than to have studied the “right” thing a long time ago. You really care about having studied the foundations, so you’re not scared of any book. If you go to the library and there’s a book you cannot understand, you have to dig down and say, “What is the foundation required for me to learn this?” Foundations are super important.#-- Naval Ravikant
I’ve paid my price, a high price, I watched my mother die. I look at everything I’ve been given now as a form of compensation. A person who has regrets is a person who casts anchors.#-- Marco Pierre White
Jungians have found that in every man there is a feminine sub-personality called the Anima, made up of the feminine archetypes.  And in every woman there is a masculine sub-personality called the Animus, made up of the masculine archetypes.#-- Robert L. Moore
Just about everything you learned in school about life is wrong, but the wrongest thing might very well be this: Being well rounded is the secret to success.#-- Seth Godin
Keep it simple. Perfection is lots of little things done well.#-- Marco Pierre White
Law of the Universe: Nothing happens until something moves.  Law of Business: Nothing happens until someone sells something.#-- Jeb Blount
Learn from the mistakes of others.  You can't live long enough to make them yourself.#-- Eleanor Roosevelt
Love is something more stern and splendid than mere kindness.#-- C. S. Lewis
Luck is a capricious bitch.  It won’t always go your way, so you can’t get trapped in this idea that just because you’ve imagined a possibility for yourself that you somehow deserve it.  Your entitled mind is dead weight.  Cut it loose.  Don’t focus on what you think you deserve.  Take aim on what you are willing to earn!#-- David Goggins
Master, which is the greatest commandment in the law?  Jesus said to him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul and with all thy mind.  This is the first and great commandment.  And the second is like unto it, Though shalt love thy neighbor as thyself.  On these two commandments hang all law…#-- Gospel of Matthew
Mediocrity is like a broke uncle.  Once he moves into your house, it is nearly impossible to get him to leave.#-- Jeb Blount
Meeting my wife was a great test because I really wanted to be with her, and she wasn’t so sure at the beginning.  In the end, we ended up together because she saw my values.  I am lucky I had developed them by that point.  If I hadn’t, I wouldn’t have gotten her.  I wouldn’t have deserved her.  As investor Charlie Munger says, “To find a worthy mate, be worthy of a worthy mate.#-- Naval Ravikant
Money.  That's the only power a prospect has over you.  Your greed and desire to win is your biggest barrier to being treated with respect.  It's ironic that our worst trait dictates how badly we get treated.  Prospects know this.  They use it.#-- UK's Most Hated
Most of us spend too much time on what is urgent and not enough time on what is important.#-- Stephen R. Covey
Most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply.#-- Stephen R. Covey
Most people fail because they aren't willing to do what it takes to succeed.#-- Anthony Iannarino
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent.#-- Norman Ralph Augustine
My definition of wisdom is knowing the long-term consequences of your actions.  Wisdom applied to external problems is judgment.  They’re highly linked; knowing the long-term consequences of your actions and then making the right decision to capitalize on that.#-- Naval Ravikant
My most surprising discovery in the last five years is that peace and happiness are skills.  These are not things you are born with.  Yes, there is a genetic range.  And a lot of it is conditioning from your environment, but you can un-condition and recondition yourself.   You can increase your happiness over time, and it starts with believing you can do it.#-- Naval Ravikant
Names are the sweetest and most important sound in any language.#-- Dale Carnegie
Nature loves courage. You make the commitment and nature will respond to that commitment by removing impossible obstacles. Dream the impossible dream and the world will not grind you under, it will lift you up.  This is the trick. This is what all these teachers and philosophers who really counted, who really touched the alchemical gold, this is what they understood. This is the shamanic dance in the waterfall. This is how magic is done. By hurling yourself into the abyss and discovering it's a feather bed.#-- Terence McKenna
Never let the future disturb you.  You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.#-- Marcus Aurelius
Never try directly to diminish or minimize something which is important to another person.  By making a direct challenge to a crucial criterion you are more likely to strengthen it than to diminish it.  Your best strategy is to begin by accepting#-- Neil Rackham
Nine out of ten English chefs have their names on their chests. Who do they think they are? They’re dreamers. They’re jokes. Just ask yourself how many chefs in this country have Michelin stars and how many have their names on their jackets. We all wear blue aprons in my kitchen because we’re all commis. We’re all still learning.#-- Marco Pierre White
No one is going to come help you.  No one's coming to save you.#-- David Goggins
No tree can grow to Heaven, unless its roots reach down to Hell.#-- Carl Gustav Jung
Not all objections or stalls are to be "overcome" though.  Some are literally statements of fact.  So discerning between what is an objection for the sake of it and what is literally a statement of fact is a skill too.  But dealing with objections after they arise is a quarter of the solution.  The other 3/4 is preventing them arise in the first place.  That's a true skilled master.#-- UK's Most Hated
Our acts can be no wiser than our thoughts.#-- George Clason
Our life is what our thoughts make it.#-- Marcus Aurelius
Owning equity in a company basically means you own the upside.  When you own debt, you own guaranteed revenue streams and you own the downside.  You want to own equity.  If you don’t own equity in a business, your odds of making money are very slim.#-- Naval Ravikant
Pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains. It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.#-- C. S. Lewis
Perhaps your challenge isn't finding a better project or a better boss.  Perhaps you need to get in touch with what it means to feel passionate.  People with passion look for ways to make things happen.#-- Seth Godin
Personally I am very fond of strawberries and cream, but I have found that for some strange reason, fish prefer worms.  So when I went fishing, I didn’t think about what I wanted.  I thought about what they wanted.  I didn't bait the hook with strawberries and cream.  Rather, I dangled a worm or grasshopper in front of the fish and said: "Wouldn't you like to have that?"  Why not use the same common sense when fishing for people?#-- Dale Carnegie
Principle#10: Use value and diversity#-- David Holmgren
Principle#11: Use edges and value the marginal#-- David Holmgren
Principle#12: Creatively use and respond to change#-- David Holmgren
Principle#1: Observe and interact#-- David Holmgren
Principle#2: Catch and store energy#-- David Holmgren
Principle#3: Obtain a yield#-- David Holmgren
Principle#4: Apply self-regulation and feedback#-- David Holmgren
Principle#5: Use and value renewables#-- David Holmgren
Principle#6: Produce no waste#-- David Holmgren
Principle#7: Design from patterns to details#-- David Holmgren
Principle#8: Integrate don’t segregate#-- David Holmgren
Principle#9: Use small and slow solutions#-- David Holmgren
Proper preparation is the key to our success.  Our acts can be no wiser than our thoughts.  Our thinking can be no wiser than our understanding.#-- George Clason
Psychedelics are illegal not because a loving government is concerned that you may jump out of a third story window.  Psychedelics are illegal because they dissolve opinion structures and culturally laid down models of behaviour and information processing.  They open you up to the possibility that everything you know is wrong.#-- Terence McKenna
Remember that the Tarot is a great and sacred arcanum - its abuse is an obscenity in the inner and a folly in the outer.  It is intended for quite other purposes than to determine when the tall dark man will meet the fair rich widow.#-- Jack Parsons
Remember, visualization will never compensate for work undone.  You cannot visualize lies.  All the strategies I employ to answer the simple questions and win the mind game are only effective because I put in work.  It’s a lot more than mind over matter.  It takes relentless self-discipline to schedule suffering into your day, every day, but if you do, you’ll find that at the other end of that suffering is a whole other life just waiting for you.#-- David Goggins
Retirement is when you stop sacrificing today for an imaginary tomorrow. When today is complete, in and of itself, you’re retired.#-- Naval Ravikant
Sales effectiveness is inversely proportional to the intensity of your focus on your own results.  The more you focus on your commission, the less likely you are to achieve your goals.#-- Anthony Iannarino
Seeds burst from the inside out in a self-destructive ritual of new life.#-- David Goggins
Sow a thought, reap an action; sow an action, reap a habit; sow a habit, reap a character; sow a character, reap a destiny.#-- Stephen R. Covey
Strength lies in differences, not in similarities.#-- Stephen R. Covey
Tension is who you think you should be.  Relaxation is who you are.#-- Buddhist saying
That's it.  Nothing more.  So instead of whining about the things that are out of your control, focus your energy on what you can control#--your attitude, choices, emotions, goals, ambitions, dreams, desires, and discipline#-- Jeb Blount
That's the problem with winning right from the start, thought Ender. you lose friends.#-- Orson Scott Card
The Buddha famously said that life is suffering.  I’m not a Buddhist, but I know what he meant and so do you.  To exist in this world, we must contend with humiliation, broken dreams, sadness, and loss.#-- David Goggins
The Christian does not think God will love us because we are good, but that God will make us good because He loves us.#-- C. S. Lewis
The aim of public education is not to spread enlightenment at all, it is simply to reduce as many individuals as possible to the same safe level, to breed and train a standardized citizenry, to put down dissent and originality.#-- H.  L.  Mencken
The apocalypse is not something which is coming.  The apocalypse has arrived in major portions of the planet and it’s only because we live within a bubble of incredible privilege and social insulation that we still have the luxury of anticipating the apocalypse.#-- Terence McKenna
The best mental models I have found came through evolution, game theory, and Charlie Munger.  Charlie Munger is Warren Buffett’s partner.  Very good investor.  He has tons and tons of great mental models.  Author and trader Nassim Taleb has great mental models.  Benjamin Franklin had great mental models.  I basically load my head full of mental models.#-- Naval Ravikant
The cost of sanity in this society, is a certain level﻿ of alienation.#-- Terence McKenna
The difference between being persistent and a nuisance lies in the content of your communication.  If every communication is an obvious attempt to sell the customer, you quickly become a nuisance.  If every communication includes value-producing information, you will be seen as persistent in a good way.#-- Anthony Iannarino
The full soul loatheth an honeycomb; but to the hungry soul every bitter thing is sweet.#-- Proverbs 27:7
The gap that separates ancient cosmology from materialistic science is enormous.  On one hand, we may interpret reality exclusively with mechanical causality, where everything is devoid of meaning and higher purpose.  On the other hand, we may interpret reality exclusively through a cosmic language, where facts and events are the hosts of spiritual meaning.  Neither of these worldviews is complete without the other.  A purely material perspective knows how the universe works but perceives no higher reason for its existence, while a purely spiritual perspective knows the meaning of the universe without understanding how it technically works.  Ideally, we should be able to adopt both perspectives without having to sacrifice one or the other.#-- Matthieu Pageau
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.#-- Thomas Paine
The implication of the 30-Day Rule is simple.  Miss a day of prospecting and it will tend to bite you sometime in the next 90 days.  Miss a week and you will feel it in your commission check.  Miss the entire month and you will tank your pipeline, fall into a slump, and wake up 90 days later desperate, feeling like a loser, with no clue how you ended up there.#-- Jeb Blount
The lesson the Law of Replacement teaches is that you must constantly be pushing new opportunities into your pipeline so that you're replacing the opportunities that will naturally fall out.  And, you must do so at a rate that matches or exceeds your closing ratio.#-- Jeb Blount
The lives of all people flow through time, and, regardless of how brutal one moment may be, how filled with grief or pain or fear, time flows through all lives equally.#-- Orson Scott Card
The more you focus on yourself, the more you lower your credibility.#-- Anthony Iannarino
The next time you catch yourself being average when you feel like quitting, realize that you have only two good choices: Quit or be exceptional.  Average is for losers.#-- Seth Godin
The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence.#-- Charles Bukowski
The purpose of questions in the larger sale is to uncover Implied Needs and to develop them into Explicit Needs.#-- Neil Rackham
The reality is life is a single-player game. You’re born alone. You’re going to die alone. All of your interpretations are alone. All your memories are alone. You’re gone in three generations, and nobody cares. Before you showed up, nobody cared. It’s all single player.#-- Naval Ravikant
The really important kind of freedom involves attention, and awareness, and discipline, and effort, and being able truly to care about other people and to sacrifice for them, over and over, in myriad petty little unsexy ways, every day.#-- David Foster Wallace
The reason it’s important to push hardest when you want to quit the most is because it helps you callous your mind.  It’s the same reason why you have to do your best work when you are the least motivated.  That’s why I loved PT in BUD/S and why I still love it today.  Physical challenges strengthen my mind so I’m ready for whatever life throws at me, and it will do the same for you.#-- David Goggins
The secret to being wrong isn't to avoid being wrong! The secret is being willing to be wrong.  The secret is realizing that wrong isn't fatal.#-- Seth Godin
The three big ones in life are wealth, health, and happiness. We pursue them in that order, but their importance is reverse.#-- Naval Ravikant
The time to look for a new job is when you don't need one.  The time to switch jobs is before it feels comfortable.#-- Seth Godin
The truth will set you free.  But not until it is finished with you.#-- David Foster Wallace
There are secrets within secrets, though--always.#-- David Foster Wallace
That it is statistically easier for low-IQ people to kick an addiction than it is for high-IQ people...That boring activities become, perversely, much less boring if you concentrate intently on them.#-- David Foster Wallace
The wise are not wise because they make no mistakes. They are wise because they correct their mistakes as soon as they recognize them.#-- Orson Scott Card
There are times when the world is rearranging itself, and at times like that, the right words can change the world.#-- Orson Scott Card
Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them: this is the law.#-- Gospel of Matthew
This is how humans are: We question all our beliefs, except for the ones that we really believe in, and those we never think to question.#-- Orson Scott Card
This is what historians usually do, quibble about cause and effect when the point is, there are times when the world is in flux and the right voice in the right place can move the world. Thomas Paine and Ben Franklin, for instance. Bismark. Lenin.#-- Orson Scott Card
Three elements of caring: Empathy - put yourself in their shoes, Intimacy - deep understanding of needs formed through knowledge and experience of another, Presence - Being present proves that you care.#-- Anthony Iannarino
To change ourselves effectively, we first had to change our perceptions.#-- Stephen R. Covey
To love at all is to be vulnerable. Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable.#-- C. S. Lewis
Trust is the glue of life.  It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication.  It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.#-- Stephen R. Covey
Trust me.  I've had prospects scream at me on Tuesday and treat me like I'm their best friend on Wednesday.  Completely oblivious to my previous call.  That's why, when people tell me to “never call them again,” I call.#-- Jeb Blount
Try to learn to let what is unfair teach you.#-- David Foster Wallace
Two people can see the same thing, disagree, and yet both be right.  It's not logical; it's psychological.#-- Stephen R. Covey
Unemployment is capitalism's way of getting you to plant a garden.#-- Orson Scott Card
We have to create culture, don't watch TV, don't read magazines, don't even listen to NPR. Create your own roadshow. The nexus of space and time where you are now is the most immediate sector of your universe, and if you're worrying about Michael Jackson or Bill Clinton or somebody else, then you are disempowered, you're giving it all away to icons, icons which are maintained by an electronic media so that you want to dress like X or have lips like Y.  This is shit-brained, this kind of thinking. That is all cultural diversion, and what is real is you and your friends and your associations, your highs, your orgasms, your hopes, your plans, your fears. And we are told 'no', we're unimportant, we're peripheral. 'Get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that.' And then you're a player, you don't want to even play in that game. You want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world.#-- Terence McKenna
We herd sheep, we drive cattle, we lead people.  Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way.#-- George S. Patton
We see the world, not as it is, but as we are──or, as we are conditioned to see it.#-- Stephen R. Covey
Were it not for the leaping and twinkling of the soul, man would rot away in his greatest passion, idleness.#-- C.G. Jung
Western civilization is a loaded gun pointed at the head of this planet.#-- Terence McKenna
What a laugh, though. To think that one human being could ever really know another. You could get used to each other, get so habituated that you could speak their words right along with them, but you never know why other people said what they said or did what they did, because they never even know themselves. Nobody understands anybody.#-- Orson Scott Card
What can I do for the next sixty days to become a clearer, more independent thinker?  Read the greats in math, science, and philosophy.  Ignore your contemporaries and news.  Avoid tribal identification.  Put truth above social approval.#-- Naval Ravikant
When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but with creatures bristling with prejudice and motivated by pride and vanity.#-- Dale Carnegie
When diet is wrong, medicine is of no use.  When diet is correct, medicine is of no need.  
A well-lived day is medicine unto itself.#-- Acharya Shunya
When you really know somebody you can’t hate them. Or maybe it’s just that you can’t really know them until you stop hating them.#-- Orson Scott Card
Where loyalty bound creatures together, they became something larger, something new and whole and inexplicable.#-- Orson Scott Card
While you're waiting for things to happen, your dream clients are waiting for action from some caring, resourceful, value creator.#-- Anthony Iannarino
With the passing of time, I finally reached the conclusion that the Gauls are very much like large children; their delight knows no bounds, while their despair knows no depths.#-- Marching with Caesar
Without hard work, you’ll develop neither judgment nor leverage.#-- Naval Ravikant
YES you need a relationship with a client.  You definitley want one to upsell, cross sell, grow the account.  No argument here.  But you don't need a relationship to get that first commitment.  Just ask Tinder.#-- UK's Most Hated
You and your organization have the power to change everything.  To create remarkable products and services.  To over deliver.  To be the best in the world.  How dare you squander that resource by spreading it too thin.  How dare you settle for mediocre just because you’re busy coping with too many things on your agenda, racing against the clock to get it all done.#-- Seth Godin
You are a divine being.  You matter, you count.  You come from realms of unimaginable power and light, and you will return to those realms.#-- Terence McKenna
You are an explorer, and you represent our species, and the greatest good you can do is to bring back a new idea, because our world is endangered by the absence of good ideas.  Our world is in crisis because of the absence of consciousness.#-- Terence McKenna
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.#-- Dale Carnegie
You have to take seriously the notion that understanding the universe is your responsibility, because the only understanding of the universe that will be useful to you is your own understanding.#-- Terence McKenna
You know that my refrigerator is never full, and it never will be because I live a mission-driven life, always on the hunt for the next challenge. That mindset is the reason I broke that record, finished Badwater, became a SEAL, rocked Ranger School, and on down the list. In my mind I’m that racehorse always chasing a carrot I’ll never catch, forever trying to prove myself to myself. And when you live that way and attain a goal, success feels anti-climactic.#-- David Goggins
You must begin by deciding what problems your products can solve for customers.#-- Neil Rackham
You’ll notice when I say happiness, I mean peace.  When a lot of people say happiness, they mean joy or bliss, but I’ll take peace.#-- Naval Ravikant
illuminate a proven path to self-mastery and empower you to face reality, hold yourself accountable, push past pain, learn to love what you fear, relish failure, live to your fullest potential, and find out who you really are.#-- David Goggins
it’s more dangerous to ignore signals of customer concern than it is to explore potential concerns and get them out into the open.#-- Neil Rackham
what matters most is how well you walk through the fire#-- Charles Bukowski
“Order and disorder', said the speaker, 'they each have their beauty.”#-- Orson Scott Card
Thought-habits can harden into character. So watch your thoughts.#-- Gautama Buddha
From passions grow opinions; intellectual laziness lets these harden into convictions.#-- Fredrich Nietzsche
Without myth, however, every culture loses its healthy creative power...#-- Fredrich Nietzsche
C.G. Jung became rather convinced that the unconscious mind...it includes the cumulative experiences of all generations past.#-- Fredrich Nietzsche
The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
The real world is much smaller than the imaginary.#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
One has to take a somewhat bold and dangerous line with this existence: especially as, whatever happens, we are bound to lose it.#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Those who have never faced disease and suffering have no need of producing beauty.#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
As soon as you feel yourself against me you have ceased to understand my position and consequently my arguments! You have to be the victim of the same passion!#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
And when a person goeth through fire for his teaching -- what doth that prove! It is more, verily, when out of one's own burning cometh one's own teaching!#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Spirit is life which itself cutteth into life: by its own torture doth it increase its own knowledge,--did ye know that before?#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
He who does not find greatness in God finds it nowhere. He must either deny it or create it.#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
What is familiar is what we are used to; and what we are used to is most difficult to 'Know' - that is, to see as a problem; that is, to see as strange, as distant, as 'outside us'.#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Ten truths must you find during the day; otherwise you will seek truth during the night, and your soul will stay hungry.
Ten times must you laugh during the day, and be cheerful; otherwise your stomach, the father of affliction and gloom, will disturb you in the night.#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
That which is ready to fall, shall ye also push!#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
For one thing is needful: that a human being should attain satisfaction with himself, whether it be by means of this or that poetry or art; only then is a human being at all tolerable to behold. Whoever is dissatisfied with himself is constantly ready for revenge, and we others will be his victims, if only by having to endure his ugly sight.#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.#-- Frank Herbert, Dune 
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.#-- Roy T. Bennet
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.#-- Roy T. Bennet
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you.  Choose wisely.#-- Roy T. Bennet
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms#--to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.#-- Viktor E. Frankl
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.#-- Steve Maraboli
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.#-- Arthur C. Clarke
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.#-- Confucius
Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.#-- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.#-- Wayne W. Dyer
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist.#-- Pablo Picasso
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.#-- Steve Maraboli
Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.#-- Helen Keller
Circumstances are the rulers of the weak; they are but the instruments of the wise.#-- Samuel Lover
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.#-- William James
A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else.#-- Criss Jami
We have been called to heal wounds, to unite what has fallen apart, and to bring home those who have lost their way.#--  St. Francis of Assisi
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.#-- William Faulkner
Do what you think is right. Don't let people make the decision of right or wrong for you.#-- Steve Maraboli
She remembered who she was//and the game changed.#-- Lalah Delia
Leaders are limited by their vision rather than by their abilities.#-- Roy T. Bennett
My atheism, like that of Spinoza, is true piety towards the universe and denies only gods fashioned by men in their own image, to be servants of their human interests.#--  George Santayana
If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.#--  Amit Kalantri
Make your work to be in keeping with your purpose#-- Leonardo da Vinci
The spirit of the individual is determined by his dominating thought habits.#-- Bruce Lee
Most people fail in life not because they aim too high and miss, but because they aim too low and hit.#-- Les Brown
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.#-- Les Brown
The scientist does not study nature because it is useful to do so. He studies it because he takes pleasure in it, and he takes pleasure in it because it is beautiful. If nature were not beautiful it would not be worth knowing, and life would not be worth living.#--  Henri Poincaré
Being defeated is often a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent.#-- Marilyn vos Savant
It is difficult to make the right choice if you fear choosing wrongly.#-- Roy T. Bennett
We truly are a species with amnesia. We have forgotten a very important part of our story.#-- Graham Hancock
In the eyes of Muslim fundamentalists, contemporary Western geopolitics in the Middle East are a continuation of the Crusades by modern means and so must be resisted to the death.#-- Graham Hancock
...at root, what unites us are our unproven irrational beliefs of one kind or another in non-material dimensions of reality, inhabited by incorporeal beings that interact with us and frame our destiny in mysterious ways.#-- Graham Hancock
...as so often in science, statements touted as facts turn out to be opinions contradicted by other opinions that are also touted as facts.#-- Graham Hancock
The ancient Egyptians would have called it; Maat with the universe and to remain mindful that what we're here to undertake on earth while immersed in matter is fundamentally a spiritual journey aimed at the growth and perfection of the soul. A journey that may go back to the very origins of what made us human in the first place#-- Graham Hancock
It's no joke to drink Ayahuasca//The Ayahuasca brew has a foul, foul taste//Really, really hideous; and a dreadful, dreadful smell//And after you've drunk your cup you'll find within //45 minutes or so that you're sweating, //that you're feeling nauseous, //pretty soon you may well be vomiting.  Nobody is doing this for recreation.  Nobody is doing this for fun.#-- Graham Hancock
I think it's obvious that the psychedelics are demonized and illegalized by our society because somewhere in our society are controlling minds that realize that these substances have the potential, have the power to unpick the controlling hierarchy.#-- Graham Hancock
We live in a society that will send us to prison if we make use of time-honored sacred plants to explore our own consciousness. Yet surely the exploration and expansion of the miracle of our consciousness is the essence of what it is to be human? By demonstrating and persecuting whole areas of consciousness, we may be denying ourselves the next vital step in our own evolution.#-- Graham Hancock
This beautiful Earth that we have, this gift that the Universe has given us is precious beyond measure, precious beyond imagination, and we are part of it and we must treat it with Love, respect, and reverence.#-- Graham Hancock
The message of ayahuasca, the universal message, is about the sacred, magical, enchanted, infinite, precious nature of life on Earth#-- Graham Hancock
The use of language around drugs is really important. So we find that it's increasingly difficult in our society to find the word "drug" not connected to the word "abuse." The notion of a responsible use of drugs is written out in the language of our culture.#-- Graham Hancock
No emotion is, in itself, a judgement; in that sense all emotions and sentiments are alogical. But they can be reasonable or unreasonable as they conform to Reason or fail to conform. The heart never takes the place of the head; but it can, and should, obey it.#-- C.S. Lewis
This is why you follow through chasing the soccer ball to the net, or sticking with a test even after you think it's hopeless, or work on your relationship even when it's hard. Stuff goes from crude to sublime only in the last few moments of effort.#-- Emmet van Driesche
If in doubt, Sharpen.  Because I suspect that once my knives are sharp, the carving will take care of itself.#-- Emmet van Driesche
If you have more spoons than demand, then one way you can sell more is to lower your price. This has a lot of strategic advantages, namely being that it pushes you to carve more, and thus you get better, and the perceived value of your work increases, and then you can charge more. But you can't put the cart before the horse, or the whole thing just sits there.#-- Emmet van Driesche
The easiest thing you can do to improve your spoon carving.  It's not buying some new tool.  It's not taking a class.  It's not making a template.  It's not even using a plastic bag (although that's a close second).  The easiest thing you can do to improve your spoon carving is to choose better wood.#-- Emmet van Driesche
A special place of infamy is reserved for those who in time of moral crisis preserve their neutrality.#-- Dante Alighieri (indirect)
There is a line in the movie Seven Bride's for Seven Brothers that goes "They're trying to kill you and you're apologizing for living." That seems to be the mentality of today's world.#-- Woods Gremlin
Racism is not dead, but it is on life support#-- kept alive by politicians, race hustlers and people who get a sense of superiority by denouncing others as "racists."#-- Thomas Sowell
Whatever happened to "Hey, I have some apples, would you like to buy them?" "Yes, thank you!" That's as complicated as it should be to open a business in this country.#-- Ron Swanson
The policy of appeasement is the policy of failure.#-- Winston Churchill
When you listen to fools, the mob rules.#-- Black Sabbath
What right do you have to mourn a stranger and cry for their loss on their funeral in front of others that are genuinely sorrowing?#-- Unknown
As each day passes, I only see humans but no Humanity.#-- Jason Donohue
To accept the police is like accepting that you should have no say in what these terrorists do. To accept a government is to accept that you have no involvement in the stopping of these criminals. To accept someone to rule over you means to accept that you hold no responsibility to taking care of the problem. And equally, that means the government is free to NOT issue justice; just like YOU didn't issue justice.#-- Unknown
In other words, I cannot see my reflection in their eyes, and there's no proof in their life I ever existed or I ever said anything to them.#-- Unknown
Anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.#-- Isaac Asimov
Categories like "Time," "Nature," and "fate" deprive man of responsibility for what goes on around him. I was taught to avoid this worldview.#-- Pathologic
How can a culture value profit, more than truth!? That's our specialty. We're a corrupt species.#-- Quantum Gate II
There are those, who mistakes words for actions. They think that when they have said a thing, they have done that thing.#-- Quantum Gate II
We are coerced by our fellow human beings. Since they have the ability to choose to do otherwise, our condition need not be thus. Coercion is immoral, inefficient, and unnecessary for human life and fulfillment.#-- Samuel Edward Konkin III
Blind reaction goes in all directions negative to the source of oppression and disperses opportunity; pursuit of a common goal focuses the opponents and allows formation of coherent strategy and tactics.#-- Samuel Edward Konkin III
Diffuse coercion is optimally handled by local, immediate self-defense. Though the market may develop larger-scale businesses for protection and restoration, random threats of violence can only be dealt with on the spot ad hoc.#-- Samuel Edward Konkin III
Where the State divides and conquers its opposition, Libertarianism unites and liberates. Where the State beclouds, Libertarianism clarifies; where the State conceals, Libertarianism uncovers; where the State pardons, Libertarianism accuses.#-- Samuel Edward Konkin III
The basic organizational structure of society (above the family) is not the *commune* (or tribe or extended tribe or State) but the *agora*.#-- Samuel Edward Konkin III
When the State unleashes its final wave of suppression - and is successfully resisted - this is the definition of *Revolution*. Once realization has occurred that the State no longer can plunder and pay off its parasitical class, the enforcers will switch sides to those better able to pay them and the State will rapidly implode into a series of pockets of statism in backward areas - if any.#-- Samuel Edward Konkin III
Utopias may be discarded; at last we have a glimpse of how to remold society to fit Man rather than Man to fit some society.#-- Samuel Edward Konkin III
While I may have been burned as often as LeFevre in market transactions with alleged libertarians, I have prepared for sale appropriate "White Lists" of untrustworthy types. As whitelisting is developed by the counter-economy, the ripoff rate should rapidly fall. I consider the burns I have experienced to be the start-up costs of the agora.#-- Samuel Edward Konkin III
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.#-- Baltasar Gracian
But Peter and the apostles answered, "We must obey God rather than men."#-- Acts 5:29
Where there is no guidance, a people falls, but in an abundance of counselors there is safety.#-- Proverbs 11:14
But understand this, that in the last days there will come times of difficulty. For people will be lovers of self, lovers of money, proud, arrogant, abusive, disobedient to their parents, ungrateful, unholy, heartless, unappeasable, slanderous, without self-control, brutal, not loving good, treacherous, reckless, swollen with conceit, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God, having the appearance of godliness, but denying its power. Avoid such people.#--  2 Timothy 3:1-17
To live in the world without becoming aware of the meaning of the world is like wandering about in a great library without touching the books.#-- Manly P. Hall
If the infinite had not desired man to be wise, he would not have bestowed upon him the faculty of knowing.#-- Manly P. Hall
They wander in darkness seeking light, failing to realize that the light is in the heart of the darkness.#-- Manly P. Hall
A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism; but depth in philosophy bringeth men's minds about to religion.#-- Manly P. Hall
Plato defined good as threefold in character: good in the soul, expressed through the virtues; good in the body, expressed through the symmetry and endurance of the parts; and good in the external world, expressed through social position and companionship.#-- Manly P. Hall
Wisdom fears no thing, but still bows humbly to its own source, with its deeper understanding, loves all things, for it has seen the beauty, the tenderness, and the sweetness which underlie Life's mystery.#-- Manly P. Hall
Fascinated by the glitter of gain, man gazes at the Medusa-like face of greed and stands petrified.#-- Manly P. Hall
Every soul is engaged in a great work-the labor of personal liberation from the state of ignorance. The world is a great prison; its bars are the Unknown. And each is a prisoner until, at last, he earns the right to tear these bars from their moldering sockets, and pass, illuminated and inspired into the darkness, which becomes lighted by that presence.#-- Manly P. Hall
Universals cannot become particulars and particulars cannot become universals, but universals exist according to degrees and particulars exist according to conditions.#-- Manly P. Hall
The pineal gland is a link between the consciousness of man and the invisible worlds of Nature. Whenever the arc of the pituitary body contacts this gland there are flashes of temporary clairvoyance, but the process of making these two work together consistently is one requiring not only years bur lives of consecration and special physiological and biological training. This third eye is the Cyclopean eye of the ancients, for it was an organ of conscious vision long before the physical eyes were formed, although vision was a sense of cognition rather than sight in those ancient days.#-- Manly P. Hall
Ignorance fears all things, falling, terror-stricken before the passing wind. Superstition stands as the monument to ignorance, and before it kneel all who realize their own weakness who see in all things the strength they do not possess.#-- Manly P. Hall
Man is given by Nature, a gift, and that gift is the privilege of labor. Through labor he learns all things.#-- Manly P. Hall
The world is its own magic.#-- Shunryu Suzuki
Voidness is that which stands right in the middle between this and that. The void is all-inclusive, having no opposite - there is nothing which it excludes or opposes. It is living void because all forms come out of it and whoever realizes the void is filled with life and power and the love of all human beings#-- Tao of Jeet Kune Do
The only thing that is ultimately real about your journey is the step that you are taking at this moment. That's all there ever is.#-- Eckhart Tolle
When you are present, you can allow the mind to be as it is without getting entangled in it.#-- Eckhart Tolle
If you want to change the world, start with the next person who comes to you in need.#-- B. D. Schiers
Guilt, regret, resentment, sadness & all forms of nonforgiveness are caused by too much past & not enough presence.#-- Eckhart Tolle
Throughout this life, you can never be certain of living long enough to take another breath.#-- Huang Po
When you do something, you should burn yourself up completely, like a good bonfire, leaving no trace of yourself.#-- Shunryu Suzuki
Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves - slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future.#-- Thich Nhat Hanh
And when they played they really played. And when they worked they really worked.#-- Dr. Suess
Nothing ever exists entirely alone. Everything is in relation to everything else.#-- Buddha
People sleep, and when they die they wake.#-- Muhammad
There is no mistake in nature.#-- Byron Katie
Do not seek the truth, only cease to cherish your opinions.#-- Seng-ts'an
You're never given more pain than you can handle. You never, ever get more than you can take.#-- Byron Katie
As a bee gathering nectar does not harm or disturb the color & fragrance of the flower; so do the wise move through the world.#-- Buddha
Try to imagine what it will be like to go to sleep and never wake up... now try to imagine what it was like to wake up having never gone to sleep.#-- Alan Watts
You have to be the hero of your own story.#-- Joe Rogan
When he was reviled, he did not revile in return; when he suffered, he did not threaten, but continued entrusting himself to him who judges justly.#-- 1 Peter 2:23 ESV
But as for the cowardly, the faithless, the detestable, as for murderers, the sexually immoral, sorcerers, idolaters, and all liars, their portion will be in the lake that burns with fire and sulfur, which is the second death.#-- Revelations 21:8
Consider how the lilies grow:  They do not labor or spin'd Yet I tell you, not even Solomon in all his glory was adorned like one of these. If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the furnace, how much more will He clothe you, O ye of little faith!  And do not be concerned about what you will eat or drink. Do not worry about it. For the Gentiles of the world strive after all these things, and your Father knows that you need them. But seek His kingdom, and these things will be added unto you.#-- Matthew 6:27-31
If ye love wealth better than liberty, the tranquility of servitude better than the animating contest of freedom, go home from us in peace. We ask not your counsels or arms. Crouch down and lick the hands which feed you. May your chains set lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen.#-- Samuel Adams
One can acquire everything in solitude except character.#-- Stendhal
What should young people do with their lives today? Many things, obviously. But the most daring thing is to create stable communities in which the terrible disease of loneliness can be cured.#-- Kurt Vonnegut
People are afraid of themselves, of their own reality; their feelings most of all. People talk about how great love is, but that’s bullshit. Love hurts. Feelings are disturbing. People are taught that pain is evil and dangerous. How can they deal with love if they’re afraid to feel? Pain is meant to wake us up. People try to hide their pain. But they’re wrong. Pain is something to carry, like a radio. You feel your strength in the experience of pain. It’s all in how you carry it. That’s what matters. Pain is a feeling. Your feelings are a part of you. Your own reality. If you feel ashamed of them, and hide them, you’re letting society destroy your reality. You should stand up for your right to feel your pain.#-- Jim Morrison
The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too.#-- Ernest Hemingway
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.#-- Winston S. Churchill
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.#-- W.C. Fields
So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and ¾ percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.#-- Dr. Seuss
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.#-- Steve Maraboli
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.#-- Truman Capote
No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire.#-- L. Frank Baum
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.#-- Friedrich Nietzsche
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.#-- John Locke
The Seven Social Sins are:|Wealth without work.|Pleasure without conscience.|Knowledge without character.|Commerce without morality.|Science without humanity.|Worship without sacrifice.|Politics without principle.#-- Frederick Lewis Donaldson
Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won't come in.#-- Isaac Asimov
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.#-- Oscar Wilde
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.#-- Stephen King
The clouds—the high-end philosophy of what you believe—and the dirt—the low-down subject matter expertise that allows you to execute against it. Forget about everything else.#-- Gary Vaynerchuk
Only the liberation of the natural capacity for love in human beings can master their sadistic destructiveness.#-- Wilhelm Reich
Man's right to know, to learn, to inquire, to make bona fide errors, to investigate human emotions must, by all means, be safe, if the word "freedom" should ever be more than an empty political slogan.#-- Wilhelm Reich
Love is the absence of Anxiety.#-- Wilhelm Reich
We live in a community of people not so that we can suppress and dominate eachother or make each other miserable but so that we can better and more reliably satisfy all life's healthy needs.#-- Wilhelm Reich
The less he understands something, the more firmly he believes in it.#-- Wilhelm Reich
We must live in stories. It must be a path we walk, part of the glue that holds us together. Individuals must unite themselves to a body well-formed in love so that we grow up into the logos himself, who is the head. Without that extra step, we will ultimately be dispersed like smoke like wax before the fire.#-- Jonathan Pageau
I don't think that you have any insight whatsoever into your capacity for good until you have some well-developed insight into your capacity for evil.#-- Jordan B. Peterson 
Don’t underestimate the power of vision and direction.  These are irresistible forces, able to transform what might appear to be unconquerable obstacles into traversable pathways and expanding opportunities.  Strengthen the individual.  Start with yourself.#-- Jordan B. Peterson
If you can't understand why someone is doing something, look at the consequences of their actions, whatever they might be, and then infer the motivations from their consequences.#-- Jordan B. Peterson
There isn’t anything more rewarding than trying to do things right or more adventurous than telling the truth. So if you’re looking for an adventure, boy that’s an adventure.#-- Jordan B. Peterson
There isn't anything that's more rewarding than trying to do things right, all other forms of reward pale by comparison. they're not even in the same conceptual universe, and there's nothing that's more adventurous than telling the truth. You have no idea what will happen to you, if you tell the truth. And so if you're looking for an adventure, boy that's an adventure.#-- Jordan B. Peterson
You must determine where you are going in your life, because you cannot get there unless you move in that direction.  Random wandering will not move you forward.#-- Jordan B. Peterson
Life is suffering  * Love is the desire to see unnecessary suffering ameliorated  * Truth is the handmaiden of love  * Dialogue is the pathway to truth  * Humility is recognition of personal insufficiency and the willingness to learn  * To learn is to die voluntarily and be born again, in great ways and small  * So speech must be untrammeled  * So that dialogue can take place  * So that we can all humbly learn  * So that truth can serve love  * So that suffering can be ameliorated  * So that we can all stumble forward to the Kingdom of God#-- Jordan B. Peterson 
You cannot be protected from the things that frighten you and hurt you, but if you identify with the part of your being that is responsible for transformation, then you aare always the equal, or more than the equal of the things that frighten you.#-- Jordan B. Peterson 
Beautiful things don't ask for attention.#-- James Thurber
You tell people when you're good at something, but people tell you when you're great.#-- Walter Payton
A goal is a specific objective that you either achieve or don't sometime in the future.  A system is something you do on a regular basis that increases your odds of happiness in the long run.  If you do something every day, its a system.  If you're waiting to achieve it someday in the future, it's a goal.  If you achieve your goal, you celebrate and feel terrific, but only until you realize you just lost the thing that gave you purpose and direction.  Your options are to feel empty and useless, perhaps enjoying the spoils of your success until they bore you, or set new goals and reenter the cycle of permanent presuccess failure.  All I'm suggesting is that thinking of goals and systems as very different concepts has power.  Goal-oriented people exist in a state of continuous presuccess failure at best, and permanent failure at worst if things never work out.  Systems people succeed every time they apply their systems, in the sense that they did what they intended to do.  The goals people are fighting the feeling of discouragement at each turn.  The systems people are feeling good everytime they apply their system.  That's a big difference in terms of maintaining your personal energy in the right direction.#-- Scott Adams
Avoid career traps such as pursuing jobs that require you to sell your limited supply of time while preparing you for nothing better.#-- Scott Adams
By the early-afternoon hours, if your brain is normal, it's running strictly on inertia and reflex.  All you can do during those hours are the things that are exactly like other things you've done in similar situations.  Creativity is out of the question.  You might argue that you don't notice any difference in your thinking during the afternoon.  That's because you're too dazed to notice anything during those hours.  I'm sure it's true for me; I believe you could set my eyebrows on fire during the afternoon and I wouldn't notice until sometime the next morning.#-- Scott Adams
Caring about the quality of your work causes stress.  Stress can kill you.  Maintain good health by remembering that the stockholders are complete strangers who have never done anything for you.#-- Scott Adams
Engineers like to solve problems.  If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own problems.#-- Scott Adams
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?#-- Scott Adams
If you want success, figure out the price, then pay it.  It sounds trivial and obvious, but if you unpack the idea it has extraordinary power.#-- Scott Adams
The best you can hope for in a relationship is to find someone whose flaws are the sort you don’t mind.  It is futile to look for someone who has no flaws, or someone who is capable of significant change; that sort of person exists only in our imaginations.#-- Scott Adams
When did ignorance become a point of view?#-- Scott Adams
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.||You're free, you're absolutely free.||Do Something!#-- Scott Adams
What we do for ourself dies with us.|What we do for others amd the world, remaims, and is immortal.#--Albert Pine
Look into your own heart and then look into the heart of another Because when you look deeply enough into the heart of another, what you will find is yourself.#-- Max Igan
